1. Project's Title
Swapcard Automation Framework

2. Project Description
Welcome to the Swapcard Assignment Automation Framework! This project is designed to automate testing for the Amazon webpage, ensuring its functionality and reliability. Leveraging Selenium and Python, the framework provides a comprehensive suite of tests to validate critical features, enhancing the overall quality of the Swapcard platform.
Technology Stack:
    Selenium for web automation
    Python for scripting
    Allure for test reporting
Challenges:
    Overcame challenges in handling dynamic web elements and implemented a robust solution.
    Optimizing test execution speed, and integrating with continuous integration tools.

3. How to Install and Run the Project
Prerequisites:
    Python installed
    Chrome browser installed
    pip install selenium
    pip install pytest
    pip install allure-pytest
    pip install amazoncaptcha
    pip install DateTime

Installation Steps:
Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/swapcard-automation.git
    cd swapcard-automation/tests

4. How to Use the Project
Execute the provided command to run the test ( must be in test directory)
    pytest -v test_swapcard.py
Screenshots and detailed test reports are generated using Allure, to view the Allure report, run the following command:
    allure serve allure-results

Note:
1. Sometimes test will fail with "Sorry, something went wrong" error. Needs to be further investigated and improved, but due to time constraints it is not done
    Link to article relating to this: https://www.gamerevolution.com/guides/691051-amazon-sorry-something-went-wrong-error-fix
2. Use of time.sleep() throughout the tests is done because it proved to be only reliable way of running them, a function to be used was created and is available to see in conftest.py
    implicit_waits also did not work for this
    Possible better way to improve, but again time constraint limited this
3. Headless parametrization was attempted unsuccessfully, should have worked. Needs further investigation
4. Test step Nr4: Open 'Engraving Machines & Tools' is deprecated, submenu can no longer be found using the steps listed in the requirements, alternative way to reach it was used